# FarmSight

FarmSight introduces a chatbot designed specifically for farmers in rural areas, offering a vital bridge over the digital divide that separates many agricultural communities from the latest in farming advice and weather alerts. Recognizing the significant challenges posed by limited or non-existant internet connectivity in these regions, our solution operates also via SMS, ensuring that every farmer, regardless of their location or the technology available to them, has access to crucial information like location based and time sensitive weather data.


## Setup

To set up this project, follow these steps:

### Create a Twilio Account

1. Go to [Twilio's website](https://www.twilio.com/) and sign up for an account.
2. Follow the on-screen instructions to verify your email and phone number.
3. Once your account is set up, navigate to the dashboard to find your Account SID and Auth Token. Keep these credentials safe as you'll need them for project configuration.

### Install ngrok

ngrok is a tool that allows you to expose a web server running on your local machine to the internet.

1. Download ngrok from [https://ngrok.com/download](https://ngrok.com/download).
2. Unzip the downloaded file. 
3. Move ngrok to a global directory:
`sudo mv ngrok /usr/local/bin`
4. Run ngrok by entering `ngrok http 5000` in your terminal to ensure it's installed.


### Set up Twilio Webhook
1. Copy the public domain generated by ngrok in the terminal and configure the address as Webhook for incoming messages of the Twilio phone number (add /sms to the suffix: <existing_url>/sms).
2. Save configuration


### Modify (if needed create) a config.yaml file
1. Include the following parameters: twilio_sid: "your_token", twilio_token: "your_token", predictionguard_token: "q1VuOjnffJ3NO2oFN8Q9m8vghYc84ld13jaqdF7E", phone_number: "your_used_phone_number", twilio_phone_number: "twilio_bought_phone_number"



### Install Yarn and Run on iOS Emulator

1. Install Yarn via the Homebrew package manager: `brew install yarn
2. Navigate to your project directory and install project dependencies:`yarn install`
3. To start your app on an iOS emulator, run: `yarn ios`


This will open up the iOS emulator with your app running.

### Disable AirPlay Receiver on Mac (If Necessary)

To prevent any network conflicts, disable the AirPlay Receiver on your Mac by going to:

1. System Preferences > Sharing.
2. Uncheck the "AirPlay Receiver" option.

